◆ 0ad : Unofficial. FOSS historical Real Time Strategy, RTS game of ancient warfare.
◆ 86box : Emulator of x86-based machines based on PCem.
◆ alacritty : Unofficial. A modern terminal emulator that comes with sensible defaults, but allows for extensive configuration.
◆ antares : An useful SQL client based on Electron.js and Vue.js.
◆ appimagetool : Tool to generate an AppImage from an existing AppDir.
◆ appimageupdatetool : Tool to update an AppImage using embedded information.
◆ authenticator : Unofficial. An application which generates 2FA code in realtime.
◆ brave : Unofficial, a privacy oriented Web Browser based on Chromium, this is the "stable" release.
◆ brave-beta : Unofficial, a privacy oriented Web Browser based on Chromium, this is the "beta" release.
◆ brave-nightly : Unofficial, a privacy oriented Web Browser based on Chromium, this is the "nightly" release.
◆ cheatbreaker : The free FPS boosting modpack for Minecraft 1.7 & 1.8.
◆ clapper : Unofficial. A modern media player designed for simplicity and ease of use.
◆ crossmobile : Create native iOS/Android/Windows apps in Java.
◆ dealers-choice : Multiplayer Stud and Draw Poker game.
◆ fastfetch : Like neofetch, but much faster because written mostly in C.
◆ figma-linux : First interface design tool based in the browser (graphics).
◆ floorp : Floorp Web Browser, the most Advanced and Fastest Firefox derivative.
◆ freac : fre:ac, free audio converter and CD ripper for various encoders.
◆ fretboard : Unofficial. Application which helps you find your favorite guitar chord.
◆ gapless : Unofficial. Simple music player with blur and gapless playback.
◆ gnome-calculator : Unofficial, Perform arithmetic, scientific or financial calculations.
◆ gnome-pomodoro : A productivity tool designed to help you manage your time effectively using the Pomodoro Technique.
◆ gnome-system-monitor : Unofficial. View current processes and monitor system state.
◆ gnome-text-editor : Unofficial AppImage of the Gnome's Text Editor application.
◆ grx : Fastest Web Gerber Renderer.
◆ impression : Unofficial. Simple USB image writer application.
◆ lapce : Lightning-fast and Powerful Code Editor written in Rust.
◆ legcord : Legcord is a custom client designed to enhance your Discord experience while keeping everything lightweight.
◆ librewolf : Firefox-based Web Browser focused on privacy, security, freedom.
◆ megaglest : MegaGlest real-time strategy game engine (cross-platform, 3-d).
◆ nanosaur : Pangea Software’s game, adventure of a cybernetic dinosaur.
◆ newsflash : Unofficial. RSS reader with support for local and web RSS feed.
◆ python : AppImage distributions of Python, an interactive high-level object-oriented language.
◆ ryujinx : An open-source Nintendo Switch emulator, originally created by gdkchan, written in C#.
◆ sas : Tool to sandbox AppImages with bubblewrap easily.
◆ signal : Unofficial AppImage package for Signal (communication).
◆ streamlink : Command-line which pipes video streams from various services.
◆ superbacked : Don’t lose your secrets. A secret management platform used to back up and pass on sensitive data from one generation to the next.
◆ supertuxkart : Free kart racing game focused on Fun!
◆ supertuxkart-dev : Free kart racing game focused on Fun! Pre-release.
◆ tangent : A clean and powerful open source notes app.
◆ vivaldi-snapshot : Unofficial. Advanced Web Browser, Testing Version.
◆ vivaldi-stable : Unofficial. Advanced Web Browser, Stable Version.
◆ warp : Unofficial. Fast and secure file transfer through internet or local network exchanging a word-based code.
◆ wikilynx : A simple game browser made using Qt C++ for playing wikipedia speed-runs the right way.
◆ zmninja : Ionic app for Home/Commerical Security Surveillance.
