◆ 7z : Archiver with a high compression ratio. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ addr2line : Or symbol+offset into file names and. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ appimageupdate : A Rust implementation of AppImageUpdate, a tool for updating AppImages using efficient delta updates using zsync.
◆ ar : Create, modify, and extract from .deb archives. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ arch : Hardware name (same as uname -m). This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ as : GNU assembler.. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ ayandict : Simple yet advanced multi-lingual cross-platform offline dictionary for desktop, using Qt and Go.
◆ b2sum : Check BLAKE2 message digest. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ base32 : Base32 encode/decode data and print to standard. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ base64 : Base64 encode/decode data and print to standard. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ basename : Strip directory and suffix from filenames. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ basenc : Encode and decode with multiple base encodings.. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ btop : A command line utility to monitor system resources, like Htop.
◆ bzip2 : A high-quality data compression program. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ c++filt : And Java symbols. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ cat : Concatenate files and print on the standard output. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ chcon : Security context. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ checkra1n : Jailbreak for iPhone 5s through iPhone X, iOS 12.0 and up.
◆ chess-tui : Play chess from your terminal.
◆ chgrp : Change group ownership. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ chmod : Change file mode bits. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ chown : Change file owner and group. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ chroot : Run command or interactive shell with special root. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ cksum : Compute and verify file checksums. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ clear : Clear the terminal screen. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ col : Line feeds from input. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ colcrt : Output for CRT previewing. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ colrm : From a file. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ column : Columnate lists. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ comm : Compare two sorted files line by line. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ cp : Copy files and directories. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ csplit : File into sections determined by context. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ curl : Command line tool and library for transferring data with URLs. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ cut : From each line of files. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ date : A header-only library which builds upon <chrono>. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ dd : Convert and copy a file. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ df : Report file system space usage. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ diff : Compare files line by line. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ dir : List directory contents. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ dircolors : For ls. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ dirname : Strip last component from file name. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ du : Estimate file space usage. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ echo : Display a line of text. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ elfedit : Header and program property of ELF files. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ env : Run a program in a modified environment. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ expand : Convert tabs to spaces. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ expr : Evaluate expressions. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ factor : A general purpose, dynamically typed, stack-based programming language.. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ false : Do nothing, unsuccessfully. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ fdroidcl : A command-line F-Droid desktop client.
◆ file : Determine the type of a file from its contents. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ filebrowser : Web File Browser.
◆ filebrowser-quantum : Web File Browser.
◆ find : Files in a directory hierarchy. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ flow : Flow Control: a programmer's text editor.
◆ fmt : Text formatter. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ fold : Wrap each input line to fit in specified width. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ gawk : GNU version of awk. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ goanime : A TUI tool to browse, stream, and download anime in English and Portuguese.
◆ gp-archive : Archive profiling experiment data. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ gp-collect-app : Collect application performance profiling data. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ gp-display-html : Generate HTML reports from profiling data. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ gp-display-src : Display source code annotated with profiling data. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ gp-display-text : Display profiling data in plain text format. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ gprof : Graph profile data. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ gprofng : Generation GNU application profiling tool. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ gprofng-archive : Experiment data. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ gprofng-collect-app : Data for the target. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ gprofng-display-html : HTML based directory structure. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ gprofng-display-src : Code and optionally. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ gprofng-display-text : Performance data in plain text. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ gprofng-gmon : Display or convert GNU gmon profiling data. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ grep : A string search utility. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ groups : Print the groups a user is in. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ hd : Small hex dumper utility (with optional HexII output). This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ head : Output the first part of files. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ hexdump : Display file contents in hexadecimal format. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ hostid : Print the numeric identifier for the current host. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ id : Print real and effective user and group IDs. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ install : Copy files and set attributes. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ join : Of two files on a common field. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ kill : Terminate a process. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ killall : Kill processes by name. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ ld : Standalone Linker Compiler. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ ld.bfd : The GNU linker with BFD libraries. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ less : A terminal based program for viewing text files. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ link : Call the link function to create a link to a file. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ ln : Make links between files. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ logname : Print user's login name. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ look : Beginning with a given string. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ ls : List directory contents. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ mawk : And text processing language. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ md5sum : Compute and check MD5 message digest. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ mkdir : Make directories. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ mkfifo : Make FIFOs (named pipes). This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ mknod : Make block or character special files. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ mktemp : Create a temporary file or directory. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ more : Display the contents of a file in a terminal. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ mount : Mount a filesystem. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ mv : Move (rename) files. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ nice : Run a program with modified scheduling priority. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ nix-portable : Use nix on any linux system, rootless and configuration free.
◆ nl : Number lines of files. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ nm : From object files. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ nohup : Run a command immune to hangups, with output to a. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ notify-send : A program to send desktop notifications. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ nproc : Print the number of processing units available. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ numfmt : From/to human-readable strings. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ objcopy : Translate object files. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ objdump : From object files. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ od : Dump files in octal and other formats. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ oras : OCI registry client managing content like artifacts, images, packages.
◆ paste : Merge lines of files. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ pathchk : File names are valid or portable. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ pinky : Lightweight finger. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ pr : Files for printing. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ printenv : Print all or part of environment. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ printf : Format and print data. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ ptx : Permuted index of file contents. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ pwd : Print name of current/working directory. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ ranlib : Index to an archive. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ readelf : About ELF files. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ readlink : Print resolved symbolic links or canonical file. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ realpath : Print the resolved path. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ rev : No description available. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ rm : Remove files or directories. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ rmdir : Remove empty directories. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ runcon : With specified security context. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ sed : GNU stream editor for filtering and transforming text. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ seq : Print a sequence of numbers. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ sh : GNU Bourne-Again Shell, the de facto standard shell on Linux. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ sha1sum : Compute and check SHA1 message digest. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ sha224sum : Check SHA224 message digest. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ sha256sum : Compute and check SHA256 message digest. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ sha384sum : Check SHA384 message digest. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ sha512sum : Compute and check SHA512 message digest. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ shred : Overwrite a file to hide its contents, and optionally. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ shuf : Generate random permutations. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ size : Sizes and total size of binary files. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ sleep : Delay for a specified amount of time. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ soar : A fast, modern package manager for Static Binaries, Portable Formats, AppImage, AppBundle, FlatImage, Runimage & More.
◆ sort : Sort lines of text files. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ split : Divide a file into multiple smaller files. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ stat : Display file or file system status. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ stdbuf : With modified buffering operations for its. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ strace : Trace system calls and signals. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ strings : Strings is another bad static string library, written in C. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ strip : And other data from object files. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ stty : Change and print terminal line settings. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ sum : Checksum and count the blocks in a file. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ swapoff : Enable/disable devices and files for paging and. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ swapon : Enable/disable devices and files for paging and. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ sync : Backup and synchronization service. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ tac : Concatenate and print files in reverse. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ tail : Output the last part of files. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ tar : Utility used to store, backup, and transport files. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ tee : Read from standard input and write to standard output and. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ test : Check file types and compare values. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ timeout : Run a command with a time limit. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ top : Display Linux processes. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ topgrade : Upgrade all the things, this is the universal upgrade manager.
◆ touch : Change file timestamps. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ tput : tput  - initialize a terminal, exercise its capabilities, or query terminfo database. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ tr : Translate or delete characters. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ true : Do nothing, successfully. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ truncate : Shrink or extend the size of a file to the specified. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ tsort : Perform a topological sort. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ tty : Print the file name of the terminal connected to standard. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ ul : Translate underline sequences for terminals. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ umount : Unmount filesystems. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ uname : Print system information. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ uncompress : Zcat - compress and expand data. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ unexpand : Convert spaces to tabs. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ uniq : Report or omit repeated lines. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ unlink : Call the unlink function to remove the specified file. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ unshare : Run program in new namespaces. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ unxz : Xzcat, lzma, unlzma, lzcat - Compress or decompress .xz. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ unzip : For extracting and viewing files in .zip archives. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ uptime : Tell how long the system has been running.. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ users : Print the user names of users currently logged in to the. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ uv : An extremely fast Python package and project manager, written in Rust.
◆ vdir : List directory contents. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ ventoy : Tool to create bootable USB drive for ISO/WIM/IMG/VHD(x)/EFI files.
◆ watch : Watches for changes in a directory tree and reruns a command in an acme win or just on the terminal. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ wc : Print newline, word, and byte counts for each file. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ wget : Network utility to retrieve files from the web. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ who : Show who is logged on. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ whoami : Print effective user name. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ xargs : Build and execute command lines from standard input. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ xdg-ninja : Script that checks your $HOME for unwanted files and directories.
◆ xz : Library and command line tools for XZ and LZMA compressed files. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ xzcat : Xzcat, lzma, unlzma, lzcat - Compress or decompress .xz. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ yazi : Blazing fast terminal file manager written in Rust.
◆ yes : Output a string repeatedly until killed. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ zap : Delightful command line AppImage package manager for appimage.github.io.
◆ zcat : Zcat - compress or expand files. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ zramen : Manage zram swap space.
◆ zsync : Partial/differential file download client over HTTP. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
