◆ 12to11 : Unofficial, tool for running Wayland applications on an X server.
◆ 86box : Emulator of x86-based machines based on PCem.
◆ 86box-enhanced : Unofficial, emulator of x86-based machines based on PCem.
◆ abaddon : Unofficial, an alternative Discord client with voice support made with C++ and GTK 3.
◆ aerofoil : Unofficial, multiplatform port of Glider PRO.
◆ akhenaten : Unofficial, open-source engine for Pharaoh (+Cleopatra) city-building game.
◆ alacritty : Unofficial. A modern terminal emulator that comes with sensible defaults, but allows for extensive configuration.
◆ amarok : Unofficial, powerful music player that lets you rediscover your music.
◆ amiberry : Unofficial, optimized Amiga emulator.
◆ antares : An useful SQL client based on Electron.js and Vue.js.
◆ apidog : API design, debugging, testing, and mock tool.
◆ appimagetool : Tool to generate an AppImage from an existing AppDir.
◆ appimageupdate : A Rust implementation of AppImageUpdate, a tool for updating AppImages using efficient delta updates using zsync.
◆ appimageupdatetool : Tool to update an AppImage using embedded information.
◆ appmanager : MacOS style AppImage installer and management application.
◆ audacious : Unofficial, a lightweight and versatile audio player.
◆ audacity-enhanced : Unofficial, multiplatform Audio Editor.
◆ audio-sharing : Unofficial. Share audio from the desktop on local network using RTSP protocol.
◆ augustus-enhanced : Unofficial, a fork of the Julius project that intends to incorporate gameplay changes.
◆ authenticator : Unofficial. An application which generates 2FA code in realtime.
◆ ayandict : Simple yet advanced multi-lingual cross-platform offline dictionary for desktop, using Qt and Go.
◆ banjo-recompiled : Unofficial, a static recompiled port of N64 Banjo-Kazooie for PC.
◆ basiliskii-enhanced : Unofficial, classic Macintosh emulator BasiliskII.
◆ bibletime : Unofficial, a Bible study application based on the Sword library and Qt toolkit.
◆ brave : Unofficial, a privacy oriented Web Browser based on Chromium, this is the "stable" release.
◆ brave-beta : Unofficial, a privacy oriented Web Browser based on Chromium, this is the "beta" release.
◆ brave-nightly : Unofficial, a privacy oriented Web Browser based on Chromium, this is the "nightly" release.
◆ briar : Briar Desktop. Censorship-resistant peer-to-peer messaging that bypasses centralized servers. Connect via Bluetooth, Wi-Fi or Tor, with privacy built-in.
◆ btop : A command line utility to monitor system resources, like Htop.
◆ bulky : Unofficial, an XApp used to rename multiple files and directories.
◆ busybox : AppImage of BusyBox, a tool that combines stripped-down versions of many common UNIX utilities into a single, small executable.
◆ cannonball : Unofficial, an Enhanced OutRun Engine.
◆ cartridges : Unofficial. Game launcher, which helps you visualize your game collection and easily launch games.
◆ catacombgl : Unofficial, a source port with OpenGL graphics for Catacomb 3D (1991), The Catacomb Abyss (1992), The Catacomb Armageddon (1992) and The Catacomb Apocalypse (1993).
◆ cdogs-sdl : Unofficial, classic overhead run-and-gun game.
◆ cheatbreaker : The free FPS boosting modpack for Minecraft 1.7 & 1.8.
◆ checkra1n : Jailbreak for iPhone 5s through iPhone X, iOS 12.0 and up.
◆ cherry-studio : Agentic AI desktop with autonomous coding, intelligent automation, and unified access to frontier LLMs.
◆ chess-tui : Play chess from your terminal.
◆ clapper : Unofficial. A modern media player designed for simplicity and ease of use.
◆ classicube : Unofficial, Custom Minecraft Classic / ClassiCube client written in C from scratch
◆ claude-desktop : Claude Desktop for Debian-based Linux distributions.
◆ clk : Unofficial, a latency hating emulator for 8 and 16 bit platforms.
◆ clownmdemu-enhanced : Unofficial, reference standalone frontend for clownmdemu.
◆ collaboraoffice : Unofficial, a collaborative online office suite based on LibreOffice technology.
◆ collision : Unofficial. Verify the checksum/hash validity of files.
◆ commander-genius : Unofficial, an open-source interpreter for the Commander Keen (1-6, Dreams) and Cosmos Cosmic series.
◆ copyq : Unofficial, an advanced clipboard manager with powerful editing and scripting features.
◆ corsixth-enhanced : Unofficial, open source clone of Theme Hospital.
◆ crispy-doom : Unofficial, a limit-removing enhanced-resolution Doom source port based on Chocolate Doom.
◆ cromagrally-enhanced : Unofficial, the wildest racing game since man invented the wheel!
◆ crossmobile : Create native iOS/Android/Windows apps in Java.
◆ cuberite : Unofficial, a lightweight, fast and extensible game server for Minecraft.
◆ cursor-cli : Unofficial, AI-assisted development CLI tool.
◆ d1x-rebirth : Unofficial, a source port of the Descent engine.
◆ d2x-rebirth : Unofficial, a source port of the Descent 2 engine.
◆ darkplaces : Unofficial, the DarkPlaces Quake engine, created by LadyHavoc.
◆ dealers-choice : Multiplayer Stud and Draw Poker game.
◆ dethrace : Unofficial, reverse engineering the 1997 game "Carmageddon".
◆ devilutionx-enhanced : Unofficial, Diablo build for modern operating systems.
◆ dhewm3 : Unofficial, doom 3 GPL source port.
◆ dnzhrecomp : Unofficial, a native port of Duke Nukem Zero Hour, statically recompiled.
◆ dolphin-emu-nightly : Unofficial nightly AppImage of the Dolphin emulator.
◆ doom64exultra : Unofficial, A fork of DOOM64EX+ with new stuff and fixes.
◆ dosbox-x : Unofficial, DOSBox-X is a cross-platform DOS emulator for running many MS-DOS games.
◆ dr-robotniks-ring-racers : Unofficial, kart racing video game originally based on SRB2Kart.
◆ drally : Unofficial, a port of Death Rally (1996).
◆ drum-machine : Unofficial, Application for managing and playing with drum patterns.
◆ duckstation-gpl-enhanced : Unofficial, fast PlayStation 1 emulator when it was still using GPLv3.
◆ ecwolf : Unofficial, advanced port of Wolfenstein 3D based off of Wolf4SDL.
◆ edconv : A user-friendly FFmpeg GUI.
◆ eduke32 : Unofficial, an advanced Duke Nukem 3D source port.
◆ elastic : Unofficial. Visualize and design physics-based animation of objects.
◆ element-desktop : Unofficial, glossy Matrix collaboration client for desktop.
◆ etlegacy : Unofficial, an open source project based on the code of Wolfenstein: Enemy Territory.
◆ extension-manager : A native tool for browsing, installing, and managing GNOME Shell Extensions.
◆ extremetuxracer : Unofficial. 3D racing game with Tux, the Linux penguin.
◆ exult : Unofficial, a project to recreate Ultima 7 for modern operating systems.
◆ eyedropper : Unofficial. Simple color picker, with support for various color palettes.
◆ fabother-world : Unofficial, an interpreter for Another World (Out of this world).
◆ fastfetch : Like neofetch, but much faster because written mostly in C.
◆ fdroidcl : A command-line F-Droid desktop client.
◆ featherpad : Unofficial. A lightweight Qt plain-text editor.
◆ ffmpeg : Unofficial, A complete, cross-platform solution to record, convert and stream audio and video.
◆ figma-linux : First interface design tool based in the browser (graphics).
◆ filebrowser : Web File Browser.
◆ filebrowser-quantum : Web File Browser.
◆ firefox : Fast, powerful and extensible Web Browser, Stable.
◆ firefox-beta : Fast, powerful and extensible Web Browser, Beta Edition.
◆ firefox-devedition : Fast, powerful and extensible Web Browser, Developer Edition.
◆ firefox-esr : Fast, powerful and extensible Web Browser, ESR Edition.
◆ firefox-nightly : Fast, powerful and extensible Web Browser, Nightly Edition.
◆ floorp : Floorp Web Browser, the most Advanced and Fastest Firefox derivative.
◆ flow : Flow Control: a programmer's text editor.
◆ flow-browser : A modern, privacy-focused browser with a minimalistic design.
◆ flycast-enhanced : Unofficial, A Sega Dreamcast, Naomi, Naomi 2 and Atomiswave emulator.
◆ foobillardpp : Unofficial, an OpenGL Billard Game based on foobillard 3.0a with patches and new features.
◆ foot : Unofficial, A fast, lightweight and minimalistic Wayland terminal emulator (This AppImage can work on x11 as well).
◆ fooyin : Unofficial, a customisable music player.
◆ frame : Fast FFmpeg GUI.
◆ freac : fre:ac, free audio converter and CD ripper for various encoders.
◆ freecad-weekly : Official source code of FreeCAD, a free and opensource multiplatform 3D parametric modeler.
◆ freetube-enhanced : Unofficial, An Open Source YouTube app for privacy.
◆ fresh : Text editor for your terminal: easy, powerful and fast.
◆ fretboard : Unofficial. Application which helps you find your favorite guitar chord.
◆ galculator : A GTK 2 / GTK 3 based scientific calculator.
◆ gapless : Unofficial. Simple music player with blur and gapless playback.
◆ gcap2025 : Appimage não oficial do GCAP2025, declare seus ganhos de capital (Ano-calendário 2025).
◆ gcap2026 : Appimage não oficial do GCAP2026, declare seus ganhos de capital (Ano-calendário 2026).
◆ gcstar : Unofficial, collection manager written in Perl and based on Gtk.
◆ gearboy : Unofficial, Game Boy / Gameboy Color emulator.
◆ gearcoleco : Unofficial, ColecoVision emulator.
◆ geargrafx : Unofficial, PC Engine / TurboGrafx-16 / SuperGrafx / PCE CD-ROM² emulator.
◆ gearlever : Unofficial. An utility to organize and manage AppImage files for you, generate desktop entries and app metadata, update apps in-place or keep multiple versions side-by-side.
◆ gearlynx : Unofficial, Atari Lynx emulator.
◆ gearsystem : Unofficial, Sega Master System / Game Gear / SG-1000 emulator.
◆ ghostship : Unofficial, Another definitive port of Super Mario 64.
◆ ghostship-enhanced : Unofficial, Another definitive port of Super Mario 64.
◆ github-desktop-plus : Electron-based GitHub Desktop fork with advanced functionality and Bitbucket, GitLab integration.
◆ gnome-calculator : Unofficial, Perform arithmetic, scientific or financial calculations.
◆ gnome-pomodoro : A productivity tool designed to help you manage your time effectively using the Pomodoro Technique.
◆ gnome-system-monitor : Unofficial. View current processes and monitor system state.
◆ gnome-text-editor : Unofficial AppImage of the Gnome's Text Editor application.
◆ gnu-freedink : Unofficial, a portable and enhanced version of the Dink Smallwood game engine.
◆ goanime : A TUI tool to browse, stream, and download anime in English and Portuguese.
◆ goldendict-ng : Unofficial, an advanced dictionary lookup program, supporting many formats.
◆ gradia : Unofficial, screenshot/picture editor and uploader.
◆ graphs : Unofficial. A simple, yet powerful tool that allows you to plot and manipulate your data with ease.
◆ grx : Fastest Web Gerber Renderer.
◆ gthumb : Unofficial, image viewer and browser.
◆ gwenview : Unofficial. Fast and easy to use image viewer by KDE. ideal for displaying a collection of images.
◆ haruna : Unofficial, an open source media player built with Qt/QML and libmpv.
◆ hatari : Unofficial, an Atari ST and STE emulator.
◆ helium : The Chromium-based web browser made for people, with love. Best privacy by default, unbiased ad-blocking, no bloat and no noise.
◆ hp-15c-simulator : Unofficial, a simulator for the HP-15C programmable scientific RPN calculator.
◆ httptoolkit : HTTP Toolkit is an open-source tool for debugging, testing and building with HTTP.
◆ identity : Unofficial. Compare images and videos with one another to check for differences.
◆ impression : Unofficial. Simple USB image writer application.
◆ innoextract : Unofficial, a tool to extract installers created by Inno Setup.
◆ ioquake3 : Unofficial, the de-facto OSS Quake 3 distribution.
◆ iris-enhanced : Unofficial, Sony PlayStation 2 emulator.
◆ irpf2025 : Appimage não oficial do IRPF2025, declare seu imposto de renda (Ano-calendário 2024).
◆ irpf2026 : Appimage não oficial do IRPF2026, declare seu imposto de renda (Ano-calendário 2025).
◆ isle-portable : Unofficial, a portable version of LEGO Island (1997).
◆ isle-portable-enhanced : Unofficial, a portable version of LEGO Island (1997).
◆ itgmania : Unofficial, a fork of StepMania 5.1, an advanced cross-platform rhythm game for home and arcade use.
◆ itr2025 : Appimage não oficial do ITR2025, declare seu imposto dos seus imóveis rurais (Ano-calendário 2025).
◆ jdownloader2 : JDownloader is a free download management tool with a huge community that makes downloading as easy and fast as it should be.
◆ kaffeine : Unofficial, Media player with support for digital television (DVB-C/S/S2/T, ATSC, CI/CAM).
◆ keypunch : Unofficial, keyboard writing speed test application.
◆ kid3 : Unofficial, efficient audio tagger that supports a large variety of file formats.
◆ knights : Unofficial, KDE's chess frontend.
◆ kronos : Unofficial, Sega Saturn emulator.
◆ lapce : Lightning-fast and Powerful Code Editor written in Rust.
◆ lba2-classic-community : Unofficial, a community fork for evolving and modernizing LBA2 source port.
◆ legcord : Legcord is a custom client designed to enhance your Discord experience while keeping everything lightweight.
◆ lets-bend : Harmonica tuner for learning bending techniques with real-time visual feedback.
◆ libation : Unofficial, application for downloading and managing your Audible audiobooks.
◆ librewolf : Firefox-based Web Browser focused on privacy, security, freedom.
◆ linuxdeploy : AppDir creation and maintenance tool. Featuring flexible plugin system.
◆ mages : Multiplatform Matrix chat client (experimental CMP+rust app).
◆ mariokart64recomp : Unofficial, a native port of MarioKart 64, statically recompiled.
◆ megaglest : MegaGlest real-time strategy game engine (cross-platform, 3-d).
◆ melonds-enhanced : Unofficial, AppImage of melonDS which is able to work on any linux distro.
◆ mgba-enhanced : Unofficial, Game Boy Advance Emulator.
◆ mini-vmac : Unofficial, a miniature Macintosh 68K emulator.
◆ moon-lander : Moon Lander is a 2D game of gravity.  Land your ship on the lading pad.
◆ mousai : Unofficial. Application for identifying songs using libre utilities.
◆ music-assistant : The desktop companion app for Music Assistant.
◆ nanosaur : Pangea Software’s game, adventure of a cybernetic dinosaur.
◆ nblood : Unofficial, blood port based on EDuke32.
◆ neko-project-ii-kai : Unofficial, a PC-9801 series emulator.
◆ nestopia : Unofficial, Cross-platform Nestopia NES emulator core with a GUI.
◆ neverball : Unofficial, tilt the floor to roll a ball through an obstacle course before time runs out.
◆ newsflash : Unofficial. RSS reader with support for local and web RSS feed.
◆ nexen : Multi-system emulator (NES, SNES, GB, GBA, PCE, SMS/GG, WS).
◆ nexis : Linux & macOS system optimizer and monitor. Qt6 fork of Stacer with GPU monitoring, dark/light themes, and active maintenance.
◆ nix-portable : Use nix on any linux system, rootless and configuration free.
◆ nomacs : Unofficial, nomacs is a free, open source image viewer, which supports multiple platforms.
◆ nugget-doom-enhanced : Unofficial, a Doom source port forked from Woof! with additional features.
◆ nxengine-evo-enhanced : Unofficial, a somewhat upgraded/refactored version of NXEngine.
◆ obsidianirc : Modern IRC Client for the web, desktop and mobile.
◆ odamex : Unofficial, Online Multiplayer Doom port with a strong focus on the original gameplay while providing a breadth of enhancements.
◆ okteta : Unofficial. Hex editor for viewing and editing the raw data of files.
◆ omniget : Media downloader from various websites.
◆ openclaw : Unofficial, reimplementation of Captain Claw (1997) platformer.
◆ opencode : Unofficial, The open source coding agent.
◆ openjazz : Unofficial, open-source version of the classic Jazz Jackrabbit™ games.
◆ openlara : Unofficial, classic Tomb Raider open-source engine.
◆ openloco : Unofficial, an open source re-implementation of Chris Sawyer's Locomotion.
◆ openmsx : Unofficial, the MSX emulator that aims for perfection.
◆ openrct2-enhanced : Unofficial, Re-implementation of RollerCoaster Tycoon 2 (RCT2), expanding the game with new features.
◆ openswe1r : Unofficial, an open-source port of the 1999 game Star Wars Episode 1: Racer.
◆ openttd : Unofficial, an open source simulation game based upon Transport Tycoon Deluxe.
◆ opentyrian2000 : Unofficial, an open-source port of the DOS shoot-em-up Tyrian.
◆ optiimage : Unofficial, optimize your images with OptiImage, a useful image compressor that supports PNG, JPEG, WebP and SVG file types.
◆ oras : OCI registry client managing content like artifacts, images, packages.
◆ oversteer : Unofficial, Steering Wheel Manager for Linux.
◆ pcexhumed : Unofficial, port of the PC version of Exhumed based on EDuke32.
◆ pcsx-redux-enhanced : Unofficial, modern fork of the pcsxr PlayStation 1 emulator focused on reverse engineering and homebrew development.
◆ pdf-arranger : Unofficial, a small python-gtk application, which helps the user to merge or split PDF documents and rotate, crop and rearrange their pages.
◆ pdf-tricks : Unofficial, a simple, efficient application for small manipulations in PDF files.
◆ pear-desktop : An extension for music player.
◆ pearpass : An open-source, privacy-first password manager with peer-to-peer syncing and end-to-end encryption.
◆ perfect-dark : Unofficial, work in progress port of n64decomp/perfect_dark to modern platforms.
◆ phantom-satellite : Unofficial, a fork of Pale Moon that aims to support older/niche platforms, without sacrificing support for more common/modern platforms.
◆ phoenix-x-server : Unofficial, a new X server, written from scratch in Zig (not a fork). Designed to be a modern alternative to the Xorg server.
◆ piglit : Unofficial, a collection of automated tests for OpenGL, Vulkan, and OpenCL implementations.
◆ pika-backup : Doing backups the easy way. Plugin your USB drive and let the Pika do the rest for you.
◆ play-enhanced : Unofficial, a PlayStation2 emulator.
◆ pokemmo : Unofficial, MMO based on the Pokémon Universe.
◆ portable2appimage : Convert standalone, self-contained portable apps into AppImage packages.
◆ postal : Unofficial, Postal a quirky FPS shooter.
◆ prey2006 : Unofficial, Prey 2006 SDK integrated with Doom 3 GPL release.
◆ prismlauncher-enhanced : Unofficial, a custom launcher for Minecraft that allows you to easily manage multiple installations of Minecraft at once (Fork of MultiMC).
◆ protocol_10 : A mod decompiler for frosty tool suite.
◆ pyglossary : Unofficial, A tool for converting dictionary files aka glossaries.
◆ python : AppImage distributions of Python, an interactive high-level object-oriented language.
◆ qarma : Unofficial, Qarma is a tool to create dialog boxes, based on Qt. It's a clone of Zenity.
◆ qemu : Unofficial, a generic and open source machine & userspace emulator and virtualizer.
◆ qmmp : Unofficial, Qt-based multimedia player.
◆ qmplay2-enhanced : Unofficial, a video and audio player which can play most formats and codecs.
◆ qtcreator : Unofficial, lightweight, cross-platform integrated development environment.
◆ qterminal : Unofficial. A lightweight Qt terminal emulator based on QTermWidget.
◆ quantumlauncher-enhanced : Unofficial, a simple, powerful Minecraft launcher.
◆ raptor : Unofficial, reversed-engineered source port from Raptor Call Of The Shadows.
◆ raspberry-pi-imager : The home of Raspberry Pi Imager, a user-friendly tool for creating bootable media for Raspberry Pi devices. Desktop edition.
◆ raspberry-pi-imager-cli : The home of Raspberry Pi Imager, a user-friendly tool for creating bootable media for Raspberry Pi devices. CLI edition.
◆ readest : Readest is a modern, feature-rich ebook reader designed for avid readers offering seamless cross-platform access, powerful tools, and an intuitive interface to elevate your reading experience.
◆ readest-enhanced : Unofficial, an enhanced version of Readest, a modern, feature-rich ebook reader designed for avid readers offering seamless cross-platform access, powerful tools, and an intuitive interface to elevate your reading experience.
◆ reco : Unofficial, An audio recorder focused on being concise and simple to use
◆ rednukem : Unofficial, a port of serveral BUILD Engine games based on EDuke32.
◆ renpy : Unofficial, visual novel engine Ren'Py.
◆ rewaita : Unofficial, rewaita gives your Adwaita apps a fresh look by tinting them with popular color schemes.
◆ rigelengine : Unofficial, modern re-implementation of DOS game Duke Nukem II.
◆ riseup-vpn : Unofficial, RiseupVPN is an easy, fast, and secure VPN service from riseup.net.
◆ ristretto : Unofficial. Image viewer by Xfce  that can be used to view and scroll through images.
◆ robrix : A multi-platform Matrix chat client written in Rust, using the Makepad UI toolkit and the Robius app dev framework.
◆ rocksndiamonds : Unofficial, an open source arcade style game of Boulder Dash, Emerald Mine, and Sokoban.
◆ roller : Unofficial, reverse engineering the 1995 game Whiplash/Fatal Racing.
◆ rsdkv3 : Unofficial, a Full Decompilation of Sonic CD (2011) & Retro Engine v3.
◆ rsdkv4 : Unofficial, a complete decompilation of Sonic 1 & Sonic 2 (2013) & Retro Engine v4.
◆ ruffle : A Flash Player emulator written in Rust.
◆ rvgl : Unofficial, a cross-platform rewrite/port of Re-Volt.
◆ ryujinx : An open-source Nintendo Switch emulator, originally created by gdkchan, written in C#.
◆ ryujinx-canary : An open-source Nintendo Switch emulator, originally created by gdkchan, written in C# (Canary builds).
◆ sas : Tool to sandbox AppImages with bubblewrap easily.
◆ satty : Unofficial, a screenshot annotation tool.
◆ sayonara-player-enhanced : Unofficial, a small, clear and fast audio player.
◆ scummvm : Unofficial, A 'virtual machine' for several classic graphical point-and-click adventure games
◆ sdlpop : Unofficial, an open-source port of Prince of Persia.
◆ secrets : Unofficial AppImage of the Secrets keepass and 2FA password manager.
◆ shotwell : Unofficial, a digital photo organizer designed for the GNOME desktop environment.
◆ signal : Unofficial AppImage package for Signal (communication).
◆ simutrans : Unofficial, a freeware and open-source transportation simulator.
◆ snes9x-enhanced : Unofficial, Snes9x - Portable Super Nintendo Entertainment System TM emulator.
◆ sniffnet : Sniffnet is a network monitoring tool to help you easily keep track of your Internet traffic. Whether you want to gather statistics, you’re curious to see who you are exchanging data with, or you need to inspect more in depth what's going on in your network, this app will get you covered.
◆ soar : A fast, modern package manager for Static Binaries, Portable Formats, AppImage, AppBundle, FlatImage, Runimage & More.
◆ soh-enhanced : Unofficial, Ship of Harkinian.
◆ songrec : Unofficial, an open-source Shazam client for Linux.
◆ sonic-3-air : Unofficial, Source and data to build Sonic 3 A.I.R. (Angel Island Revisited) and the Oxygen Engine.
◆ sonic-mania-decompilation : Unofficial, a complete decompilation of Sonic Mania (2017).
◆ spaghettikart-enhanced : Unofficial, Mario Kart 64 PC game Port.
◆ sponge-hash-aes256 : A sponge-based secure hash function that uses AES-256 as its internal PRF.
◆ srb2 : Unofficial, a 3D Sonic the Hedgehog fangame based on a modified version of Doom Legacy.
◆ starfox64recomp : Unofficial, a native port of Starfox 64, statically recompiled.
◆ stella : Unofficial, A multi-platform Atari 2600 Emulator.
◆ streamlink : Command-line which pipes video streams from various services.
◆ stremio-enhanced : Electron-based Stremio client with support for plugins and themes. This is a community project and is not affiliated with Stremio in any way.
◆ superbacked : Don’t lose your secrets. A secret management platform used to back up and pass on sensitive data from one generation to the next.
◆ supermariowar : Unofficial, a fan-made multiplayer Super Mario Bros. style deathmatch game.
◆ supermodel : Unofficial, Sega Model 3 arcade emulator.
◆ supertuxkart : Free kart racing game focused on Fun!
◆ supertuxkart-dev : Free kart racing game focused on Fun! Pre-release.
◆ syncthing : Open Source Continuous File Synchronization.
◆ system-monitoring-center : Unofficial. Multi-featured system monitor.
◆ tagger : Unofficial. Simple audio tagger with support for various audio formats.
◆ taisei-project : Unofficial, A free and open-source Touhou Project fangame.
◆ tamga : A 3D sculpting, sketching, and stylized rendering app.
◆ tangent : A clean and powerful open source notes app.
◆ taradino : Unofficial, SDL2 port of Rise of the Triad.
◆ telegram : Unofficial, telegram Desktop messaging app.
◆ tev : High dynamic range (HDR) image viewer for people who care about colors.
◆ tokodon : Unofficial, a modern client for Mastodon and other decentralized servers that implement its API (such as Pixelfed).
◆ topgrade : Upgrade all the things, this is the universal upgrade manager.
◆ trelby : Unofficial, Trelby is simple, fast and elegantly laid out to make screenwriting simple.
◆ tuxfootball : Unofficial, is a great 2D football game for Windows and Linux.
◆ tuxpuck : Unofficial, hockey-like table game.
◆ uefitool : Unofficial, UEFI firmware image viewer and editor.
◆ ueli : Cross-Platform Keystroke Launcher.
◆ uv : An extremely fast Python package and project manager, written in Rust.
◆ varia : Unofficial. Aria2-based advanced download manager with support for downloading files, torrents, video and audio + support for Chromium and Firefox extension.
◆ ventoy : Tool to create bootable USB drive for ISO/WIM/IMG/VHD(x)/EFI files.
◆ video-trimmer : Unofficial. Simple video trimming, with option to trim precisely or to trim without loosing video quality.
◆ vivaldi-snapshot : Unofficial. Advanced Web Browser, Testing Version.
◆ vivaldi-stable : Unofficial. Advanced Web Browser, Stable Version.
◆ vokoscreenng : Unofficial,  a powerful screencast creator.
◆ vscodium : Community-driven, freely-licensed binary distribution of MS VSCode.
◆ warp : Unofficial. Fast and secure file transfer through internet or local network exchanging a word-based code.
◆ webamp-desktop-enhanced : Unofficial, experimental cross-platform desktop version of Winamp 2.9 reimplementation in electron.
◆ webcamoid : Unofficial. A multi-platform camera capture app focused on providing all major features required by power users with a very simple and intuitive interface.
◆ webcord-enhanced : Unofficial, A Discord and Fosscord client implemented without Discord API.
◆ whatsdesk : Unofficial, An unofficial client of WhatsApp.
◆ whatsie : Unofficial, feature rich WhatsApp web client based on Qt WebEngine.
◆ wikilynx : A simple game browser made using Qt C++ for playing wikipedia speed-runs the right way.
◆ wipeout-rewrite : Unofficial, re-implementation of the 1995 PSX game wipEout.
◆ xash3d-fwgs : A game engine aimed to provide compatibility with Half-Life Engine and extend it.
◆ xash3d-fwgs-enhanced : Unofficial, a game engine aimed to provide compatibility with Half-Life Engine and extend it.
◆ xdg-ninja : Script that checks your $HOME for unwanted files and directories.
◆ xemu-enhanced : Unofficial, original Xbox Emulator for Windows, macOS, and Linux (Active Development).
◆ xeyes : Unofficial, a "follow the mouse" X demo, using the X SHAPE extension.
◆ xiphos : Unofficial, a Bible study tool using GTK.
◆ xoreos : Unofficial, A reimplementation of BioWare's Aurora engine.
◆ xournalpp : Unofficial. Handwriting notetaking software with PDF annotation support. Written in C++ with GTK3.
◆ xsnow : Unofficial, let it snow on your desktop.
◆ yamagi-quake-ii : Unofficial, an enhanced client for id Software's Quake II.
◆ yazi : Blazing fast terminal file manager written in Rust.
◆ ymir : Unofficial, Sega Saturn emulator.
◆ zap : Delightful command line AppImage package manager for appimage.github.io.
◆ zapzap-enhanced : Unofficial AppImage of ZapZap WhatsApp client.
◆ zelda64-recompiled : Unofficial, a native port of the N64 Legend of Zelda games, statically recompiled.
◆ zmninja : Ionic app for Home/Commerical Security Surveillance.
◆ zod-engine : Unofficial, an open source remake of the 1996 game Z by the Bitmap Brothers.
◆ zramen : Manage zram swap space.
