 ◆ adb : Command-line tool for communicating with Android devices or emulators. This is part of "platform-tools".
 ◆ ark : Archiving tool for .zip/.tar/.rar and more. This is part of "kdeutils".
 ◆ bomber : Arcade spaceship game. This is part of "kdegames".
 ◆ bovo : Five in a row game from. This is part of "kdegames".
 ◆ etc1tool : Utility for compressing and decompressing ETC1 texture files. This is part of "platform-tools".
 ◆ fastboot : Android bootloader tool for flashing, unlocking, and managing firmware. This is part of "platform-tools".
 ◆ francis : Pomodoro technique, get more productive. This is part of "kdeutils".
 ◆ granatier : Bomberman clone. This is part of "kdegames".
 ◆ hprof-conv : Converts Android HPROF heap dumps to standard Java HPROF format. This is part of "platform-tools".
 ◆ isoimagewriter : Write an ISO Image to a USB Disk. This is part of "kdeutils".
 ◆ kajongg : An ancient Chinese board game for 4 players. This is part of "kdegames".
 ◆ kalm : Teach you different breathing techniques. This is part of "kdeutils".
 ◆ kapman : Pac-Man clone. This is part of "kdegames".
 ◆ kate : A multi-document editor part of KDE. This is part of "kdeutils".
 ◆ katomic : Edu. game based around molecular geometry. This is part of "kdegames".
 ◆ kbackup : Back up your data. This is part of "kdeutils".
 ◆ kblackbox : A game of hide and seek. This is part of "kdegames".
 ◆ kblocks : Classic Tetris / falling blocks game. This is part of "kdegames".
 ◆ kbounce : Fill the field game. This is part of "kdegames".
 ◆ kbreakout : Destroy bricks without losing the ball. This is part of "kdegames".
 ◆ kcalc : Scientific Calculator. This is part of "kdeutils".
 ◆ kcharselect : Character Selector. This is part of "kdeutils".
 ◆ kclock : A universal clock application. This is part of "kdeutils".
 ◆ kdebugsettings : Edits displayed QLoggingCategory. This is part of "kdeutils".
 ◆ kdf : view Disk Usage. This is part of "kdeutils".
 ◆ kdialog : a dialog utility. This is part of "kdeutils".
 ◆ kdiamond : Diamond game. This is part of "kdegames".
 ◆ keditbookmarks : Bookmarks editor. This is part of "kdeutils".
 ◆ keysmith : Generates tokens for your two-factor logins. This is part of "kdeutils".
 ◆ kfind : A search tool. This is part of "kdeutils".
 ◆ kfourinline : 4 in row game. This is part of "kdegames".
 ◆ kgoldrunner : A game with a runner and gold. This is part of "kdegames".
 ◆ kgpg : A GnuPG frontend. This is part of "kdeutils".
 ◆ kigo : Go strategic board game for two players. This is part of "kdegames".
 ◆ killbots : Port of the classic console game Robots. This is part of "kdegames".
 ◆ kiriki : A dice game. This is part of "kdegames".
 ◆ kjumpingcube : A game of dices on a board. This is part of "kdegames".
 ◆ klickety : Color matching like SameGame. This is part of "kdegames".
 ◆ klines : Inspired by well known game of Color Lines. This is part of "kdegames".
 ◆ kmahjongg : Mahjongg game. This is part of "kdegames".
 ◆ kmines : Classic mine game. This is part of "kdegames".
 ◆ knavalbattle : Battle Ship game. This is part of "kdegames".
 ◆ knetwalk : Net constructing game. This is part of "kdegames".
 ◆ knights : Chess interface for the KDE Platform. This is part of "kdegames".
 ◆ kolf : Mini Golf game. This is part of "kdegames".
 ◆ kollision : Dodge red balls in the field. This is part of "kdegames".
 ◆ kongress : A companion application for conferences. This is part of "kdeutils".
 ◆ konquest : Game of planets. This is part of "kdegames".
 ◆ kpat : Klondike, Spider, Free Cell and other Solitaire. This is part of "kdegames".
 ◆ krecorder : An audio recording application. This is part of "kdeutils".
 ◆ kreversi : Reversi game. This is part of "kdegames".
 ◆ kshisen : A game similar to Mahjongg. This is part of "kdegames".
 ◆ ksirk : A strategy board game. This is part of "kdegames".
 ◆ ksnakeduel : A snake race game. This is part of "kdegames".
 ◆ kspaceduel : Battleship with satellites in the space. This is part of "kdegames".
 ◆ ksquares : Win with most number of completed squares. This is part of "kdegames".
 ◆ ksudoku : Sudoku game. This is part of "kdegames".
 ◆ kteatime : A handy timer for steeping tea. This is part of "kdeutils".
 ◆ ktimer : Countdown Launcher. This is part of "kdeutils".
 ◆ ktrip : KTrip helps you navigate in public transport. This is part of "kdeutils".
 ◆ ktuberling : Simple Mr. Potato game for children. This is part of "kdegames".
 ◆ kubrick : A logic game based on Rubik's Cube. This is part of "kdegames".
 ◆ kweather : A convergent weather application. This is part of "kdeutils".
 ◆ kwrite : KWrite is a text editor by KDE. This is part of "kdeutils".
 ◆ lskat : Fun and engaging card game for two players. This is part of "kdegames".
 ◆ make_f2fs : Creates F2FS filesystems optimized for flash storage. This is part of "platform-tools".
 ◆ make_f2fs_casefold : Creates F2FS filesystems with case-insensitive filename support. This is part of "platform-tools".
 ◆ mke2fs : Creates ext2/ext3/ext4 Linux filesystems. This is part of "platform-tools".
 ◆ npm : Package manager for Node.js dependencies and modules. This is part of "node".
 ◆ npx : Runs commands from npm packages without manual installation. This is part of "node".
 ◆ palapeli : Jigsaw puzzle game. This is part of "kdegames".
 ◆ picmi : Single player logic-based puzzle game. This is part of "kdegames".
 ◆ skanpage : A simple scanning application. This is part of "kdeutils".
 ◆ sqlite3 : Command-line tool for managing SQLite databases. This is part of "platform-tools".
 ◆ sweeper : System Cleaner. This is part of "kdeutils".
 ◆ telly-skout : A convergent Kirigami TV guide. This is part of "kdeutils".
◆ appimagelauncher : CLI helper for running and integrating AppImages.
◆ appimagetool : Tool to generate an AppImage from an existing AppDir.
◆ appimageupdatetool : Tool to update an AppImage using embedded information.
◆ armagetronad : Multiplayer game in 3d that emulates the movie "Tron".
◆ busybox : AppImage of BusyBox, a tool that combines stripped-down versions of many common UNIX utilities into a single, small executable.
◆ chromium : Web Browser. Open source base of Google Chrome, Edge and Brave.
◆ firefox-esr : Fast, powerful and extensible Web Browser (ESR Edition).
◆ flow : Flow Control: a programmer's text editor.
◆ gimp : GNU Image Manipulation Program, cross-platform image and photo editor.
◆ kdegames : Full & updatable KDE Games suite from Debian Stable (recommended).
◆ portable2appimage : Convert standalone, self-contained portable apps into AppImage packages.
◆ retroarch : RetroArch is a free and open-source, cross-platform frontend for emulators, game engines, video games, media players and other applications.
◆ retroarch-nightly : RetroArch is a free and open-source, cross-platform frontend for emulators, game engines, video games, media players and other applications.
◆ retroarch-qt : RetroArch is a free and open-source, cross-platform frontend for emulators, game engines, video games, media players and other applications.
◆ retroarch-qt-nightly : RetroArch is a free and open-source, cross-platform frontend for emulators, game engines, video games, media players and other applications.
◆ supertuxkart : Free kart racing game focused on Fun!
◆ supertuxkart-dev : Free kart racing game focused on Fun! Pre-release.
◆ tor-browser : Privacy-oriented Web Browser for sites blocked in your country.
◆ uv : An extremely fast Python package and project manager, written in Rust.
◆ ventoy : Tool to create bootable USB drive for ISO/WIM/IMG/VHD(x)/EFI files.
◆ vlc : Free and Open Source Video & Media player for Audio, streaming and more.
◆ wikilynx : A simple game browser made using Qt C++ for playing wikipedia speed-runs the right way.
