◆ 7z : Archiver with a high compression ratio. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ 7zip : 7-Zip is a file archiver with a high compression ratio.
◆ ab-download-manager : A Download Manager that speeds up your downloads.
◆ afetch : A CLI system information tool written in Rust.
◆ aichat : AIO AI CLI tool integrating 20+ AI platforms, including OpenAI.
◆ aim : A command line download/upload tool with resume.
◆ albafetch : CLI, faster neofetch alternative, written in C. Still improving.
◆ alpine-flatimage : A hybrid of Flatpak sandboxing with AppImage portability.
◆ ambermoon.net : Ambermoon rewrite in C#.
◆ amfora : A fancy terminal browser for the Gemini protocol.
◆ ani-cli : A cli tool to browse and play anime.
◆ antidot : Cleans up your $HOME from those pesky dotfiles.
◆ appimagen : A script that generates a custom AppImage from a PPA.
◆ appimageupdate : A Rust implementation of AppImageUpdate, a tool for updating AppImages using efficient delta updates using zsync.
◆ appimg : Appimg is a lightweight command-line tool that helps you manage AppImage files on Linux.
◆ appinstall : AppImage Installer, a tool integrate AppImages to a linux desktop environment.
◆ aptly : Debian repository management CLI tool.
◆ ar : Create, modify, and extract from .deb archives. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ arch-deployer : A script to bulk download an Arch Linux package with all its dependencies to be converted in AppImage.
◆ arch-flatimage : A hybrid of Flatpak sandboxing with AppImage portability.
◆ archimage-cli : Build AppImage packages using JuNest, Arch Linux.
◆ archimede : Unobtrusive directory information fetcher.
◆ archisteamfarm : C# application with primary purpose of farming Steam cards from multiple accounts simultaneously.
◆ aretext : Minimalist text editor with vim-compatible key bindings.
◆ atuin : Magical shell history.
◆ audiorelay : Stream audio between your devices. Turn your phone into a microphone or speakers for PC.
◆ ayandict : Simple yet advanced multi-lingual cross-platform offline dictionary for desktop, using Qt and Go.
◆ bandwhich : Terminal bandwidth utilization tool.
◆ base64 : Base64 encode/decode data and print to standard. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ basename : Strip directory and suffix from filenames. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ bat : A "cat" clone with wings.
◆ bat-extras : Bash scripts that integrate bat with various command line tools.
◆ battop : CLI, interactive batteries viewer.
◆ beatmapexporter : osu!lazer beatmap exporter utility. Allowing mass export of beatmaps from the new osu!lazer file storage back into .osz files.
◆ beatsaber-mod-manager : Yet another mod installer for Beat Saber, heavily inspired by ModAssistant.
◆ bemoji : Emoji picker for bemenu/wofi/rofi/dmenu, remembers your favorites.
◆ bin : Effortless binary manager.
◆ binclock : Binary clock in terminal.
◆ binfinder : Find binary files not installed through package manager.
◆ bk : Terminal Epub reader.
◆ blimp : Customizable terminal UI for monitoring weather information, application status, network latency, and more.
◆ blob-dl : Blob-dl is a yt-dlp CLI interface used to download video and audio files from YouTube.
◆ bloomee : Music app designed to bring you ad-free tunes from various sources.
◆ bluetuith : A TUI bluetooth manager for Linux.
◆ boilr : Synchronize games from other platforms into your Steam library.
◆ bottom : Yet another cross-platform graphical process/system monitor.
◆ boxxy : Put bad Linux applications in a box with only their files.
◆ brisk : Ultra-fast, moden download manager for desktop.
◆ brutespray : Bruteforcing from various scanner output. Automatically attempts default creds on found services.
◆ btop : A command line utility to monitor system resources, like Htop.
◆ bunnyfetch : A small and fast tool for getting info about your system.
◆ bzip2 : A high-quality data compression program. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ cake-wallet : Easily and safely store, send, receive, and exchange your cryptocurrency.
◆ camelot : Camelot is cross-platform file manager written in C.
◆ carbonyl : Chromium running inside your terminal.
◆ cask : A universal, distributed binary file manager.
◆ cat : Concatenate files and print on the standard output. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ catapult : A cross-platform launcher for Cataclysm DDA and BN.
◆ celeste64 : A game made by the Celeste developers.
◆ cheat : Create and view interactive cheatsheets on the command-line.
◆ checkra1n : Jailbreak for iPhone 5s through iPhone X, iOS 12.0 and up
◆ chess-tui : Play chess from your terminal.
◆ chezmoi : Manage your dotfiles across multiple diverse machines, securely.
◆ chmod : Change file mode bits. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ chown : Change file owner and group. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ chroot : Run command or interactive shell with special root. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ cicada : An old-school bash-like Unix shell written in Rust.
◆ clamtk : An easy to use, light-weight, on-demand virus scanner for Linux systems
◆ clear : Clear the terminal screen. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ clifm : The shell-like, command line terminal file manager simple, fast, extensible, and lightweight as hell.
◆ clipse : Configurable TUI clipboard manager for Unix.
◆ code : Visual Studio, VSCode, Original Editor to build/debug web/cloud apps.
◆ code-radio : A command line music radio client for coderadio.freecodecamp.org, written in Rust.
◆ codebook-lsp : Codebook, code-aware spell checker with language server implementation.
◆ column : Columnate lists. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ comics-downloader : Tool to download comics and manga in pdf/epub/cbr/cbz from a website.
◆ conty : Easy to use unprivileged and portable Arch Linux container.
◆ conty-lite : Easy to use unprivileged and portable Arch Linux container.
◆ conty-wine : Easy to use unprivileged and portable Arch Linux container.
◆ cosmonium : 3D astronomy and space exploration program.
◆ cowitness : A powerful web app testing tool that enhances the accuracy and efficiency of your testing efforts.
◆ cp : Copy files and directories. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ cpufetch : Simple yet fancy CPU architecture fetching tool.
◆ crabfetch : Extremely fast, featureful and customizable command-line fetcher.
◆ croc : Easily and securely send things from one computer to another.
◆ crock : Crock is rock clock.
◆ ctop : Top-like interface for container metrics.
◆ cudatext : A cross-platform text editor, written in Object Pascal.
◆ curl : Command line tool and library for transferring data with URLs. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ curlie : The power of curl, the ease of use of httpie.
◆ cut : From each line of files. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ dbee : Fast & Minimalistic Database Browser.
◆ dbin : Poor man's package manager. About 3000 statically linked binaries in the repos!
◆ dd : Convert and copy a file. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ deeplx : DeepL Free API, No TOKEN required.
◆ delta : A syntax-highlighting pager for git, diff, grep, and blame output.
◆ devtoys : A Swiss Army knife for developers.
◆ didder : An extensive, fast, and accurate command-line image dithering tool.
◆ diff : Compare files line by line. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ dirname : Strip last component from file name. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ diskonaut : Terminal disk space navigator.
◆ dissent : Tiny native Discord app.
◆ dl-desktop : Desktop client for the Duolingo language learning application.
◆ doggo : Command-line DNS Client for Humans. Written in Golang
◆ dooit : An awesome TUI todo manager.
◆ dra : A command line tool to download release assets from GitHub.
◆ draw : Draw in your terminal.
◆ dstask : Git powered terminal-based todo/note manager, markdown note page per task.
◆ dtmate : CLI to compute difference between date, time or duration.
◆ du : Estimate file space usage. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ dua : View disk space usage and delete unwanted data, fast.
◆ duelyst : A digital collectible card game and turn-based strategy hybrid.
◆ duf : Disk Usage/Free Utility, a better 'df' alternative.
◆ dune : A shell by the beach.
◆ dust : A more intuitive version of du in rust.
◆ dysk : A linux utility to get information on filesystems, like df but better.
◆ echo : Display a line of text. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ effer : Encrypted CLI Notepad written in Rust
◆ eget : Easily install prebuilt binaries from GitHub.
◆ elvish : Powerful modern shell scripting.
◆ exodus : Send, receive & exchange cryptocurrency. Bitcoin wallet.
◆ eza : A modern, maintained replacement for ls.
◆ fakedata : CLI utility for fake data generation.
◆ fastcompmgr : A fast compositor for X11.
◆ fcp : CLI, a significantly faster alternative to the classic Unix cp(1) command, copying large files and directories in a fraction of the time.
◆ fd : A simple, fast and user-friendly alternative to 'find'.
◆ fdroidcl : A command-line F-Droid desktop client.
◆ fetchit : A system fetch tool for Linux, written in Rust.
◆ ffdec : JPEXS Free Flash Decompiler.
◆ ffdec-nightly : JPEXS Free Flash Decompiler.
◆ ffsend : Easily and securely share files from the command line. A fully featured Firefox Send client.
◆ file : Determine the type of a file from its contents. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ filebrowser : Web File Browser.
◆ filebrowser-quantum : Web File Browser.
◆ filen-cli : Filen CLI for Windows, macOS and Linux
◆ firework : Easiest way to turn web applications and sites into desktop applications.
◆ fish : The user-friendly command line shell.
◆ fixit : A utility to fix mistakes in your commands.
◆ flashpoint : Flashpoint Archive is a community effort to preserve games and animations from the web.
◆ flow : Flow Control: a programmer's text editor.
◆ fluffychat : The cutest instant messenger in the matrix.
◆ flyctl : Command line tools for fly.io services.
◆ fman : TUI CLI File Manager.
◆ focus : A fully featured productivity timer for the command line, based on the Pomodoro Technique.
◆ fold : Wrap each input line to fit in specified width. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ forkgram : Fork of Telegram Desktop messaging app.
◆ freefilesync : folder comparison and synchronization software.
◆ freeze : Generate images of code and terminal output.
◆ freshfetch : An alternative to Neofetch in Rust with a focus on customization.
◆ funkin : A rhythm game made with HaxeFlixel
◆ funkin-legacy : Legacy GLibC Linux support for Friday Night Funkin. A rhythm game made with HaxeFlixel.
◆ fx : Terminal JSON viewer & processor.
◆ fynodoro : Fynodoro, the Pomodoro Widget.
◆ fzf : A command-line fuzzy finder.
◆ gallery-dl : Command-line program to download image galleries and collections.
◆ gameimage : Pack a runner/emulator/game and it's configs in a single AppImage.
◆ gawk : GNU version of awk. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ gemget : Command line downloader for the Gemini protocol.
◆ genact : A nonsense activity generator.
◆ gert : A command line tool to download media from Reddit.
◆ gh : GitHub’s official command line tool.
◆ gh-eco : gh cli extension to explore the ecosystem.
◆ ghdl : A much more convenient way to download GitHub release binaries on the command line.
◆ ghidra : Ghidra is a software reverse engineering (SRE) framework.
◆ ghrel : Download and verify GitHub release.
◆ gickup : Backup your Git repositories with ease.
◆ git-cliff : A highly customizable Changelog Generator that follows Conventional Commit specifications.
◆ git-credential-oauth : A Git credential helper that securely authenticates to GitHub, GitLab and BitBucket using OAuth.
◆ git-side : A Git subcommand that versions files and directories that should not live in the main repository, using a per-project bare repository invisible to Git.
◆ gitleaks : Protect and discover secrets using Gitleaks.
◆ gitql : A git query language.
◆ gitui : Blazing fast terminal-ui for git written in rust.
◆ glab : A GitLab CLI tool bringing GitLab to your command line.
◆ glow : Render markdown on the CLI, with pizzazz!
◆ gncdu : Implements NCurses Disk Usage(ncdu) with golang.
◆ go-pd : A free easy to use pixeldrain.com go client pkg and CLI upload tool.
◆ go-pd-gui : DRAINY is a free easy to use cross plattform upload tool for pixeldrain.com.
◆ go-spotify-cli : Control Spotify with CLI commands.
◆ goanime : A TUI tool to browse, stream, and download anime in English and Portuguese.
◆ gobuster : A high-performance directory/file, DNS and virtual host brute-forcing tool written in Go. It's designed to be fast, reliable, and easy to use for security professionals and penetration testers.
◆ godot : Multi-platform 2D and 3D game engine with a feature-rich editor.
◆ gojq : Pure Go implementation of jq.
◆ gokey : A simple vaultless password manager in Go.
◆ goland : Capable and Ergonomic Go IDE.
◆ goodls : This is a CLI tool to download shared files and folders from Google Drive.
◆ gooseberry : A command line utility to generate a knowledge base from Hypothesis annotations.
◆ gopass : The slightly more awesome standard unix password manager for teams.
◆ gost-shred : GOST R 50739-95 Data Sanitization Method (2 passes).
◆ got : Simple golang package and CLI tool to download large files faster than cURL and Wget!
◆ gotimer : A simple terminal based digital timer for Pomodoro.
◆ goto : A simple terminal SSH manager that lists favorite SSH servers.
◆ gpg-tui : CLI, manage your GnuPG keys with ease!
◆ gping : Ping, but with a graph.
◆ grep : A string search utility. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ gron : Make JSON greppable! Transform JSON into discrete assignments to grep.
◆ gron.awk : True JSON parser in pure Awk. fast with Gawk/Mawk/GoAWK.
◆ gum : A tool for glamorous shell scripts.
◆ handlr : fork of the original handlr, with support for regular expressions.
◆ harmonoid : Plays & manages your music library. Looks beautiful & juicy. Playlists, visuals, synced lyrics, pitch shift, volume boost & more.
◆ hascard : Flashcard TUI CLI with markdown cards.
◆ hctl : A tool to control your Home Assistant devices from the command-line.
◆ head : Output the first part of files. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ henson : A puppet manager for NationStates.
◆ hide.me : Hide.me CLI VPN client for Linux.
◆ hilbish : The Moon-powered shell! A comfy and extensible shell for Lua fans!
◆ himalaya : CLI to manage emails.
◆ hmcl : A Minecraft Launcher which is multi-functional, cross-platform and popular.
◆ humanlog : Logs for humans to read.
◆ hyperfine : A command-line benchmarking tool.
◆ i3-auto-layout : Automatic, optimal tiling for i3wm. Fork of dead version.
◆ i3lock-color : The world's most popular non-default computer lockscreen.
◆ id : Print real and effective user and group IDs. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ imgcat : Display images and gifs in your terminal.
◆ inxi : A full featured CLI system information tool.
◆ ironwail : High-performance QuakeSpasm fork QuakeSpasm. A modern, cross-platform Quake game engine based on FitzQuake.
◆ jabref : Graphical Java application for managing BibTeX and biblatex (.bib) databases.
◆ jellyfin : Media player. Stream to any device from your own server.
◆ jgrasp : An IDE with Visualizations for Improving Software Comprehensibility.
◆ jless : CLI JSON viewer designed for reading, exploring, and searching.
◆ jnv : Interactive JSON filter using jq.
◆ jottem : A lean, low friction terminal app for managing markdown notes.
◆ jq : Command-line JSON processor.
◆ jqp : A TUI playground to experiment with jq.
◆ junest : Arch Linux based distro that runs rootless on any other Linux distro.
◆ kalc : Complex numbers, 2d/3d graphing, arbitrary precision cli calculator.
◆ kalker : Scientific calculator with math syntax for user-defined variables.
◆ kboard : Terminal game to practice keyboard typing.
◆ kibi : A text editor in ≤1024 lines of code, written in Rust.
◆ kill : Terminate a process. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ killall : Kill processes by name. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ kindling-cli : Kindle toolkit for dictionaries, books, comics.
◆ kitty : Cross-platform, fast, feature-rich, GPU based terminal (also provides "kitten" CLI utility).
◆ kmon : Linux Kernel Manager and Activity Monitor.
◆ kmonad : An advanced keyboard manager.
◆ koboldcpp : Simple 1-file way to run GGML and GGUF models with KoboldAI's UI.
◆ kondo : Cleans dependencies and build artifacts from your projects.
◆ kure : CLI password manager with sessions.
◆ lan-mouse : Mouse & keyboard sharing via LAN.
◆ lazygit : Simple terminal UI for git commands.
◆ less : A terminal based program for viewing text files. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ lexido : A terminal assistant, powered by Generative AI.
◆ lf : lf, as in "list files" is a terminal file manager written in Go.
◆ lichtblick : Lichtblick is an integrated visualization and diagnosis tool for robotics, available in your browser or as a desktop app on Linux, Windows, and macOS.
◆ litime : A terminal literature clock telling time with quotes from literature.
◆ ln : Make links between files. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ lockbook-cli : The private, polished note-taking platform, CLI.
◆ lockbook-desktop : The private, polished note-taking platform.
◆ lovesay : Cowsay, but full of love and now a little rusty.
◆ lowfi : An extremely simple lofi player. CLI.
◆ ls : List directory contents. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ lsd : The next gen ls command.
◆ macchina : A system information frontend with an emphasis on performance.
◆ manga-tui : Terminal-based manga reader and downloader with image support.
◆ mangadesk : Terminal client for MangaDex.
◆ mangal : Most advanced, yet simple CLI manga downloader in the universe!
◆ matm : Watch anime, movies, tv shows and read manga from comfort of the cli.
◆ mawk : And text processing language. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ mcfly : Fly through your shell history. Great Scott!
◆ md5sum : Compute and check MD5 message digest. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ mdcat : Command line, "cat" for markdown.
◆ melonds : DS emulator, sorta.
◆ menyoki : Screen{shot,cast} and perform ImageOps on the command line.
◆ mercury : Firefox fork with compiler optimizations and patches from Librewolf.
◆ minecraft-launcher : Game downloader and launcher for Minecraft.
◆ mk : Interactive Task Runner for Makefile.
◆ mkdir : Make directories. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ more : Display the contents of a file in a terminal. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ mount : Mount a filesystem. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ mp4grep : CLI for transcribing and searching audio/video files.
◆ multimc : A Minecraft launcher.
◆ mv : Move (rename) files. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ nami : A clean and tidy decentralized package manager.
◆ nap : Code spippets in your terminal.
◆ naruto-arena : Naruto-based online multiplayer strategy game.
◆ navi : An interactive cheatsheet tool for the command-line.
◆ nazuna : Download Twitter videos using your terminal!
◆ ncspot : Cross-platform ncurses Spotify client written in Rust, inspired by ncmpc and the likes.
◆ neko : Neko is a cross-platform cursor-chasing cat.
◆ nerdfetch : A POSIX *nix fetch script using Nerdfonts.
◆ nitch : Incredibly fast system fetch written in nim.
◆ nix-portable : Use nix on any linux system, rootless and configuration free.
◆ nnn : n³ The unorthodox terminal file manager
◆ node : This is the official suite of Node.js tools, also known as "NodeJS", a JavaScript runtime built on Chrome's V8 JavaScript engine.
◆ notify-send : A program to send desktop notifications. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ ntfydesktop : A desktop client for ntfy. Allows you to subscribe to topics from any ntfy server and recieve notifications natively on the desktop.
◆ nu : A new type of shell.
◆ nyaa : A nyaa.si tui tool for browsing and downloading torrents.
◆ nyan : CLI, colored "cat" command.
◆ nyrna : Suspend games and applications.
◆ obsidian-cli : Interact with Obsidian in the terminal. Open, search, create, update, move and delete notes!
◆ oh : A new Unix shell.
◆ omekasy : Command line application that converts alphanumeric characters to various styles 𝚍𝚎𝚏𝚒𝚗𝚎𝚍 𝚒𝚗 𝚄𝚗𝚒𝚌𝚘𝚍𝚎.
◆ onefetch : Command-line Git information tool.
◆ onionmediax : OnionMedia X. Convert and download videos and music quickly and easily.
◆ openapi-tui : Terminal UI to list, browse and run APIs defined with openapi.
◆ openarena : Violent & sexy, multiplayer first person shooter game, ioquake3.
◆ openmw : OpenMW is an open-source open-world RPG game engine that supports playing Morrowind.
◆ oras : OCI registry client managing content like artifacts, images, packages.
◆ ots : Share end-to-end encrypted secrets with others via a one-time URL.
◆ paclear : CLI, paclear is a clear command with PAC-MAN animation.
◆ paket : A simple and fast package manager for the Fish shell written in Rust.
◆ pastel : A command-line tool to generate, analyze, convert and manipulate colors.
◆ pay-respects : Terminal command correction, alternative to thefuck written in Rust.
◆ pboy : A small .pdf management tool with a command-line UI.
◆ pdf-diff : A CLI tool for visualizing differences between two pdf files.
◆ pdfcrackgui : GUI overlay for the popular and highly regarded pdfcrack.
◆ peep : The CLI text viewer tool that works like less command on small pane within the terminal window.
◆ pet : Simple command-line snippet manager.
◆ pfetch-rs : A rewrite of the pfetch system information tool in Rust.
◆ pget : The fastest, resumable file download CLI client.
◆ pho : The AppImage Manager that Linux always deserved.
◆ photocrea : Unofficial Photopea wrapper, image editor that includes all the familiar features like layers, filters, magic wand selection, etc.
◆ photon : Cross-platform file-transfer application built using flutter. It uses http to transfer files between devices.
◆ picocrypt-ng : A very small, very simple, yet very secure encryption tool.
◆ picterm : CLI, TUI image viewer.
◆ pingu : CLI, ping command but with pingu.
◆ pinta-dev : Simple GTK Paint Program (developer edition).
◆ pipes-rs : An over-engineered rewrite of pipes.sh in Rust. CLI.
◆ pixelorama : A powerful and accessible open-source pixel art multitool. Whether you want to create sprites, tiles, animations, or just express yourself in the language of pixel art.
◆ pixfetch : Another CLI fetch program with pixelized images written in Rust.
◆ pizarra : A digital, vectorial and infinite chalkboard.
◆ platform-tools : Official Suite of command line utilities to manage Android devices.
◆ playit : Want to run an online game server? playit.gg is a global proxy that allows anyone to host a server without port forwarding.
◆ png2svg : CLI, convert small PNG images to SVG Tiny 1.2.
◆ podman : Free & open source tool to manage containers, pods, and images.
◆ pokeget-rs : A better rust version of pokeget. CLI.
◆ pokego : Command-line tool that lets you display Pokémon sprites in color directly in your terminal.
◆ pop : Send emails from your terminal.
◆ printf : Format and print data. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ prismlauncher-qt5 : Launcher for Minecraft, manage multiple installations (Qt5 version).
◆ procs : A modern replacement for ps written in Rust.
◆ qrscan : Scan a QR code in the terminal using the system camera or an image.
◆ quarto-cli : Scientific and technical publishing system built on Pandoc.
◆ rbw : Unofficial Bitwarden password manager cli.
◆ rclone : "rsync for cloud storage", CLI that supports Google Drive, S3, Dropbox, Backblaze B2, One Drive, Swift, Hubic, Wasabi, Google Cloud Storage, Azure Blob, Azure Files, Yandex Files.
◆ readlink : Print resolved symbolic links or canonical file. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ realpath : Print the resolved path. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ reaper : A complete digital audio production app, offering a full multitrack audio and MIDI recording, editing, processing, mixing and mastering toolset.
◆ rebaslight : An easy to use special effects video editor.
◆ rebos : Rebos is a tool that aims at mimicking what NixOS does (repeatability), for any Linux distribution.
◆ rev : No description available. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ revealgo : Markdown driven presentation tool written in Go!
◆ rimage : This is CLI tool inspired by squoosh.
◆ ripgrep : Search directories for regex pattern while respecting gitignore.
◆ ripgrep-all : A ripgrep version to also search in documents and archives.
◆ rm : Remove files or directories. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ rocketfetch : A WIP command line system information tool written with multithreading in rust for performance with toml file configuration.
◆ rrip : Bulk image downloader for reddit.
◆ rucola : Terminal-based markdown note manager.
◆ rustdict : A dictionary CLI tool in Rust inspired by BetaPictoris's dict.
◆ rustypaste : A minimal file upload/pastebin service.
◆ s : Open a web search in your terminal.
◆ sd : Intuitive find & replace CLI, sed alternative.
◆ sed : GNU stream editor for filtering and transforming text. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ sfp : This utility is designed to allow you to apply skins to the modern Steam client.
◆ sh : GNU Bourne-Again Shell, the de facto standard shell on Linux. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ sha1sum : Compute and check SHA1 message digest. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ sha256sum : Compute and check SHA256 message digest. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ sha512sum : Compute and check SHA512 message digest. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ shellcheck : ShellCheck, a static analysis tool for shell scripts.
◆ shellharden : The corrective bash syntax highlighter.
◆ shradiko : Make Portable AppImages from Distro Packages.
◆ sidenote : A CLI tool that helps to manage plain text notes per working directory.
◆ skyemu : Game Boy Advance, Game Boy, Game Boy Color, and DS Emulator.
◆ sleep : Delay for a specified amount of time. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ smassh : Smassh your Keyboard, TUI Edition.
◆ soar : A fast, modern package manager for Static Binaries, Portable Formats, AppImage, AppBundle, FlatImage, Runimage & More.
◆ soft-serve : The mighty, self-hostable Git server for the command line.
◆ sort : Sort lines of text files. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ soul-arena : Bleach-based online multiplayer strategy game.
◆ spotifetch : A simple and beautiful CLI fetch tool for spotify, now rusty.
◆ spotify-dl : A command-line utility to download songs and playlists directly from Spotify's servers.
◆ spotify-player : A Spotify player in the terminal with full feature parity.
◆ spotify-tui : Spotify for the terminal written in Rust.
◆ spritemate4electron : A simple Electron-wrapper for Esshahn's awesome Spritemate-webapp.
◆ sptlrx : Synchronized lyrics in your terminal.
◆ starship : The minimal, blazing-fast, and infinitely customizable prompt for any shell.
◆ steam-tui : Rust TUI client for steamcmd.
◆ stew : An independent package manager for compiled binaries.
◆ strace : Trace system calls and signals. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ strings : Strings is another bad static string library, written in C. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ strip : And other data from object files. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ superfile : Pretty fancy and modern terminal file manager.
◆ swapoff : Enable/disable devices and files for paging and. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ swapon : Enable/disable devices and files for paging and. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ sweethome3d : An interior design app to draw house plans & arrange furniture.
◆ swish : Command Line Interface for Swisstransfer Infomaniak's free service.
◆ sysz : An fzf terminal UI for systemctl.
◆ tail : Output the last part of files. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ tar : Utility used to store, backup, and transport files. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ taskell : Command-line Kanban board/task manager with support for Trello boards and GitHub projects.
◆ tb : Tasks, boards & notes for the command-line habitat.
◆ tdlib-rs : Rust wrapper around the Telegram Database Library.
◆ teamviewer : Deliver remote IT support to your customers and colleagues, anytime, anywhere. Communication, network.
◆ teamviewer-host : Host utility for TeamViewer, if you want to set up unattended access to a device.
◆ teamviewer-qs : QuickSupport utility for TeamViewer, if you want to receive support.
◆ tee : Read from standard input and write to standard output and. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ tere : Terminal file explorer.
◆ termshot : Creates screenshots based on terminal command output.
◆ tess : A hackable, simple, rapid and beautiful terminal.
◆ test : Check file types and compare values. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ testdisk : TestDisk & PhotoRec, tools to recover lost partitions and files.
◆ textnote : Simple tool for creating and organizing daily notes on the command line.
◆ tgpt : AI Chatbots in terminal without needing API keys.
◆ the-way : A code snippets manager for your terminal.
◆ ticker : Terminal stock ticker with live updates and position tracking.
◆ tlock : Two-Factor Authentication Tokens Manager in Terminal.
◆ tod : An unofficial Todoist command line client written in Rust.
◆ toipe : yet another typing test, but crab flavoured.
◆ top : Display Linux processes. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ topgrade : Upgrade all the things, this is the universal upgrade manager.
◆ tor-browser : Privacy-oriented Web Browser for sites blocked in your country.
◆ tor-browser-alpha : Privacy-oriented Web Browser for sites blocked in your country.
◆ toru : Bittorrent streaming CLI tool. Stream anime torrents real-time.
◆ touch : Change file timestamps. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ tput : tput  - initialize a terminal, exercise its capabilities, or query terminfo database. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ tr : Translate or delete characters. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ trans : CLI translator using Google/Bing/Yandex Translate, etc...
◆ transformer : A command-line utility for splitting large files into chunks/pieces and merging them back together.
◆ trilium : Build your personal knowledge base with Trilium Notes.
◆ tssh : trzsz-ssh is an alternative to ssh client, offers additional features.
◆ tty : Print the file name of the terminal connected to standard. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ ttyper : Terminal-based typing test.
◆ tuxplorer : Tuxplorer is a terminal based file explorer.
◆ typioca : Cozy typing speed tester in terminal.
◆ uad-ng : GUI Rust wrapper for ADB to debloat non-rooted Android devices.
◆ umount : Unmount filesystems. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ uname : Print system information. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ uncompress : Zcat - compress and expand data. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ unetbootin : Install Linux/BSD distributions to a partition or USB drive.
◆ uniq : Report or omit repeated lines. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ unshare : Run program in new namespaces. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ unveil : Unveil Rs is a tool to create presentations from markdown inspired by reveal.js, mdbook and zola.
◆ unxz : Xzcat, lzma, unlzma, lzcat - Compress or decompress .xz. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ unzip : For extracting and viewing files in .zip archives. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ upgit : CLI, another upload hub that supports clipboard. It works well with Typora, Snipaste, VSCode.
◆ uptime : Tell how long the system has been running.. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ uv : An extremely fast Python package and project manager, written in Rust.
◆ uwufetch : A meme system info tool for Linux, based on nyan/uwu trend.
◆ vegeta : HTTP load testing tool and library. It's over 9000!
◆ ventoy : Tool to create bootable USB drive for ISO/WIM/IMG/VHDx/EFI files.
◆ vhs : Your CLI home video recorder.
◆ via-desktop : VIA Desktop is an Electron application designed to provide an offline experience for VIA.
◆ vicut : A Vim-based, scriptable, headless text editor for the command line.
◆ viddy : A modern watch command line utility. Time machine and pager etc.
◆ vimeo-dl : A cli tool to download private videos on vimeo. Written in golang.
◆ viu : Terminal image viewer with native support for iTerm and Kitty.
◆ vt : VirusTotal Command Line Interface.
◆ vtm : Text-based desktop environment.
◆ w2vgrep : semantic-grep for words with similar meaning to the query.
◆ walk : Terminal file manager.
◆ walker : Multi-Purpose Launcher with a lot of features. Highly Customizable and fast.
◆ watch : Watches for changes in a directory tree and reruns a command in an acme win or just on the terminal. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ wc : Print newline, word, and byte counts for each file. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ wethr : Command line weather tool.
◆ wget : Network utility to retrieve files from the web. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ wireframesketcher : A wireframing tool that helps designers, developers and product managers. A desktop app and a plug-in for any Eclipse IDE.
◆ wkp : A CLI tool designed to fetch Wikipedia excerpts written in Rust.
◆ wtfutil : The personal information dashboard for your terminal.
◆ x-pixiv : CLI, pixiv downloader.
◆ xargs : Build and execute command lines from standard input. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ xbooxp : A nifty software to upload homebrew apps into your Game Boy Advance (GBA) using an xboo cable.
◆ xdg-ninja : Script that checks your $HOME for unwanted files and directories.
◆ xz : Library and command line tools for XZ and LZMA compressed files. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ xzcat : Xzcat, lzma, unlzma, lzcat - Compress or decompress .xz. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ yaf : Yet another system CLI fetch that is minimal and customizable.
◆ yazi : Blazing fast terminal file manager written in Rust.
◆ yes : Output a string repeatedly until killed. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ youtube-download : GUI and CLI for downloading YouTube video/audio.
◆ youtube-tui : An aesthetically pleasing YouTube TUI CLI written in Rust.
◆ yt-dlg : A front-end GUI of the popular youtube-dl written in wxPython.
◆ yt-dlp : A feature-rich command-line audio/video downloader.
◆ ytarchive : Garbage Youtube livestream downloader CLI.
◆ ytermusic : An in terminal youtube music client with focus on privacy, simplicity and performance.
◆ yup : Arch Linux AUR Helper with ncurses functionality and better searching and sorting.
◆ zap : Delightful command line AppImage package manager for appimage.github.io.
◆ zcat : Zcat - compress or expand files. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
◆ zed : High-performance, multiplayer code editor from the creators of Atom.
◆ zellij : A terminal workspace with batteries included.
◆ zfind : Search files, even inside tar/zip/7z/rar using a SQL-WHERE filter.
◆ zfxtop : [WIP] fetch top for gen Z with X written by bubbletea enjoyer.
◆ zk : A plain text note-taking assistant
◆ zotero : Collect, organize, cite, and share your research sources.
◆ zoxide : A smarter cd command. Supports all major shells.
◆ zramen : Manage zram swap space.
◆ zsync : Partial/differential file download client over HTTP. This is part of "am-utils" suite.
